feat(directus): add sharp transforms & `key` modifier (#2207)
nuxt/image: docs/content/3.providers/directus.md

})
```

## Props

> The NuxtImg Props map cleanly to the Directus Transforms.

Author: ```suggestion
Supported NuxtImg props (such as `width`, `height`, `quality`, `format`, and `fit`) map to Directus transforms.
```
